# 1.1 - Most favorite tasks (in no particular order):
* Help train and onboard new support teammates <= I am good at framing complex concepts in a simple way and have a proven track record of it at my previous workplaces. This is also an opportunity to learn more about that new teammate in terms of their approach, critical thinking and other abilities;
* Work with engineering teams during incidents and provide updates to internal and external stakeholders <= This is considered a crucial part of a support role, thus it's here on the list. If you don't like this, you might as well apply for another role;
* Respond to 25+ support requests via email every day <= Another crucial part of a support role which I am already doing at my current workplace and enjoy doing it;
* Identify, file (and, where possible, resolve) bugs in private and public Vercel/Next.js repos on GitHub <= There are several factors of what I like about this. The main one is due to my contributions brought into an open-source project;
* Write and maintain support articles and docs pages <= While the role entails provision of support, it's crucial to offset as much as possible to publicly accessible documentation so that people actually get to have value before even needing to reach out to support. In the long run, this also solidifies the brand value, since, most of the times, potential customers will choose a well-documented but flaky product over a perfectly running product that is halfway documented or not documented at all;

# 1.2 - Least favorite tasks:
* Find and recruit teammates for the support team <= This should not even be part of the role, since HR or Recruiting is supposed to handle this. I am fine with having interviews with potential candidates but headhunting them is not considered part of a support role;
* Work with people to figure out if Vercel is suitable for their use case <= This should be part of a sales or pre-sales role, not support;
* Act as a dedicated CSE for a handful of key customers to ensure their success using Vercel <= While I'm fine doing it, I don't necessarily like doing it since I prefer having a diverse set of customers and dealing with specific customer is very different than dealing with a broad set of customers;
* Create video tutorials to help teach users a specific feature or use case <= I actually like doing this but not in a work environment, since there is usually a thing called deadline which kills a lot of the inspiration;
* Work with 3rd party partners to track down a tricky situation for a joint customer <= While it's not generally my least favorite task, it can quickly become my least favorite when the 3rd party simply wants to throw all responsibility on me. Sometimes they simply don't want to deal with it and simply blames the product for which I am providing support 

# 2. What do you want to learn or do more of at work?
I want to learn more about the product I am providing support for, but not limited only to that. This includes learning more about:
- the product's architecture;
- how it works;
- how it's built;
- how it's deployed;
- how it's maintained;
- how it's monitored;
- how it's scaled;
- how it's secured;
- how it's documented;

Apart from that, I'd love to learn more about new technologies, but also clever ways of using existing technologies.

# 3. Describe challenge:
- Java 17 Spring Boot back-end project.
- Had one class method responsible with exporting data from the DB (with Apache POI) to an Excel spreadsheet for supporting a legacy app which only accepted Excel files as input.
- The method was working fine for small datasets but was failing for large datasets. Specifically, the client was having a dataset of ~15k rows and about 12 columns. Problem was the export took 8+ hours to complete.
- Using the Streaming extension of Apache POI lead to an export time of approximately 27 seconds for an even larger dataset (generated by me) of around 300k rows and 12 columns.
- I was able to determine successful resolution by comparing the exported files time of completion and the actual output of the file, validating that it's the exact same data as intended.

# 4. Edge Functions, Serverless Functions, or Edge Middleware:
- Edge Functions are a way to run code on the edge of the network, closer to the user, and are used to optimize the delivery of content, thus, they are best used in tandem with a CDN to deliver content faster to the user;
- Serverless Functions are functions that run in the cloud. They can be used with NextJS API routes so they can be executed independently;
- Edge Middleware is used when you need to run code before a request is completed, e.g. changing request headers or body.

# 5. Troubleshooting a customer issue:
First of all, I would find out whether this technology or framework is part of our support offering.
If it's not, I would still try to help by trying to frame thing in a way that the customer can understand and gather as much information as possible about the issue, from the perspective of the product I am actually providing support for.
If it's part of the support offering, I would basically ask the below:
- What is the exact error message you are seeing?
- Steps (sanitized) to reproduce with full commands and output;
- What is the expected behavior?
- What is the actual behavior?
- What is the version of the framework/technology you are using?
- What is the version of the OS you are using?
- What is the version of the package manager you are using?
- Any other questions mandated by the company I am working for.

# 6. Follow-up reply to the customer.
I would reply with the below:

"Hello X,

I apologize for the frustration caused by the issue.

Please rest assured that I am here to assist as much as I can, but in order to do so, I require further information to ensure that the issue is resolved in the most efficient way possible.

I understand that you have been trying to make this work for hours and I appreciate your patience in troubleshooting this, thus, I kindly ask that you bear with me and provide the information requested in my previous email so that I may be able to assist you further.

Regards,

Mike"

# 7. Redirect:

"Hello X,

Thank you for submitting ticket #TICKET_NUMBER. My name is Mike and I will be assisting you with this issue.

To perform the redirection, [please follow this guide](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/routing/redirecting), where we list the possible APIs that you can use to achieve the desired outcome.

Please let me know if you require further assistance or if there's anything unclear within that guide.

Regards,

Mike"

# 8. Prevent Search Engine Indexing:
"Hello X,

Thank you for submitting ticket #TICKET_NUMBER. My name is Mike and I will be assisting you with this issue.

There are several ways to prevent search engine reindexing which you can find documented here: [Crawling and Indexing](https://nextjs.
org/learn-pages-router/seo/crawling-and-indexing).

Please let me know if this is what you were looking for or if you require further assistance."

Reasoning for the reply:
- Customers can deploy applications in various ways, so there is no "perfect" setup;
- The general idea is to give the customer more options, so they can choose which fits best for their use case;

# 9. Most common problems:
- Deployment issues;
- Migrating from other frameworks to Next.js;
- Caching and/or getting stale data from CDNs instead of the latest data;
- SEO issues;

# 10. Feedback:
Would be nice to include a heads-up prior to setting up the deployment. This is very specific to my use case:
- My personal GitHub account is linked to my employer's organization so that I may access private repositories;
- When deploying a Next.js app, the deployment is done from the GitHub account, which is linked to the organization;
- The deployment page is asking me to select the Git Scope and my organization was the only one listed there, so I couldn't simply use it else I'd have breached the company's policy;
- The solution was to create a new repository and install Vercel over there so that the Git Scope would allow me to select my personal account instead of the organization.
